Add hypothesis support to related projects (#3335)
pydata/xarray: doc/related-projects.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- `Collocate <https://github.com/cistools/collocate>`_: Collocate xarray trajectories in arbitrary physical dimensions
- `eofs <https://ajdawson.github.io/eofs/>`_: EOF analysis in Python.

> - `hypothesis-gufunc <https://pypi.org/project/hypothesis-gufunc/0.0.5rc2>`_: Extension to hypothesis, to unit test functions with xarray objects as input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hypothesis-gufunc <https://github.com/uber/hypothesis-gufunc>`_: Extension to hypothesis. Makes it easy to write unit tests with xarray objects as input.
```
